<a span style=color:Navy>What I learned from studying Hands-on Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow :</a>

Well , one of the first things that I would like to say right off the
bat , was how comprehensive and inclusive of beginners it was .

<span style="color:red"> Scikit Learn:</span>
*That being said , the book is divided into two sections as suggested by
the title, it is Scikit-learn and Tensorflow .*

The first part of the book delves deeply into Sckit-Learn API , starting
with the its basics and developing from there . The book starts with
smallest examples on how to developed a very basic linear regression
model , and then talks in detail about SVMs, Decision Trees and Random
Forests. However, it doesn’t cover the Latest gradient boosting methods
such as LGBM and XGBoost .

<img src="media\image1.jpeg" style="width:1.87831in;height:2.46156in" alt="Buy Hands–On Machine Learning with Scikit–Learn and TensorFlow Book Online at Low Prices in India | Hands–On Machine Learning with Scikit–Learn and TensorFlow Reviews &amp; Ratings - Amazon.in" />

<u>Mathematical Explanation and Intuition:</u> The mathematical
explanation lacks in the several areas , and personally I had to refer a
lot other things to get the mathematical intuition of the algorithms .
The chapters in the book had a pattern to write mathematical jargon
first , and then go for the code , which led me to being confused
sometimes . However , the book helps in getting your fundamentals clear
in the Machine Learning lingo where it helps in clear explanation about
terms like ROC-AUC, types of learning , Confusion Matrix etc.

Tensorflow :
------------

Here’s , where the book gets tricky in my opinion , some parts of
Tensorflow , were useless to me . In the first chapter of Tensorflow ,
you learn about creating graph and sessions , however I believe there
are plenty data visualization libraries , which would serve the purpose
better. The second chapter goes into the depth of establishing
tensorflow on different servers and devices which I had also considered
irrelevant. The last chapters help in establishing some understanding of
Tensorflow in general .
